# STOCK1

## Basic Pattern

### していただけますか
- **Could you** say that again?

### するはずだった
- She **was supposed to** say yes.

### まぁいいよ、してもよい
- Do you want to get some food first? **Might as well**. It's a long play.
- Shall we try that place? **Might as well**. There aren't many restaurants around here.
- We **might as well** walk there.
- They **may just as well** be married since they've been living together for years.
- Come on now, you **may as well** tell us.
- (仕方ない) The guy I'm playing is a really good golfer? Well, I **may as well** give up before I start.

### 聞きました？
- **Did you hear about** Kim? She got promoted.

### というよりも
- I think **instead of** try**ing** to make a killing in the first year, ,,,
- We dediced to chill at home **instead of** go**ing** out.

### むしろ
- rather than ...

## Situation

### 相槌
- あー | Uh | Oh | Hmm | Uh-huh
- そうだね | Fair enough (, but) | (That's) true. | I know, right? | Exactly. | Absolutely. | Totally. | That's a fair point
- なるほど | I see. | (That) makes sense.
- いいね | Sounds good. | Great.
- 私も | I think so too. | Me too. | So do I. | Same here. | I feel you. | Of course. | Right. | I know what you mean | I know what you are saying | Been there done that

### 挨拶
- Hey Bob, long time no see. **What's new**?
- I've never been to Disney World in Florida. **How about you**?

### 自己紹介
- I work for <company>
- I work in <place/department>

### ですよね？
- or not really?
    - Do you like this kind of music, or not really?
    - Is this what you're looking for, or not really?

### 説明したいとき
- If you think about it
    - We're just tiny specks in the universe **if you think about it.**
    - It's crazy how we can communicate like this **if you think about it.**
- If that makes sense?
    - Well, it sounded a little bit British, but at the same time, maybe a bit Australian, **if that makes sense.**
    - I want something cold, but at the same time, you know, maybe warmish **if that makes sense.**
- you know what I mean?
    - I think YouTube is getting more and more competitive, **you know what I mean?**
    - At the end of the day, whether or not you should study English is completely up to you. **You know what I mean?**
- in this case
    - My printer runs out of ink every time I use it. **In this case**, I have to rush to an electronic store to get it.
- simply put
- (let's) say

### 感想
- I don't care for spicy food.
- That doesn't work for my wife.

### 相手の言葉を受けて
- in that case
    - Can I get a glass of wine, please? We are terribly sorry, but we’ve run out of wine. **In that case**, I’ll have a beer.
- like you said
- I'll take care of it.

### 反射的に
- Oh! I always forget the 'S'!

### 謙遜
- bother you
    - I don't want to bother you.
    - It's no bother.

### 質問
- What's up for lunch?
- Do you have the time?
- How's your day going?

### うーんと
- I can't remember ...
- Let me see...
- It's difficult to say.

### わからないとき
- Could you repeat that, please?
- Could you speak a little slowly, please?
- Could you speak more slowly, please?
- Could you explain that?
- Could you say that more simply, please?
- Could you write it down, please?
- Could you type it in the chat, please?
- Could you make the material/notes bigger?
- I'm sorry, I don't understand.
- Can I ask you a question?
- I want to know about...
- How do you pronounce this word?
- How do you spell this word?
- How do you say ... in English?
- What does ... mean?
- Is ... the same as ...?
- What's it called?
- What's the word for it?

### 会話の終わりに
- Thank you for the lesson!
- Enjoy your ...
- Have a nice day!
- See you next time!
- Take care.

## Remote
- Can you see me?
- Can you hear me?
- I was on mute.
- I can't see you/the material/the notes.

## Literary expression
- in which case






# Old

## About Myself

### Past
- used to ...
    - (かつては) I used to read every day.
    - (懐かしい) I used to watch it all the time with my parents.
- have never ... before
    - I **have never** been to Hawaii **before**, but I would like to go someday.

### Hobby
- My hobby is watching baseball game**s**.
- I like wathing baseball game**s**.
- The Baystars are going to **play The Carp** today.
- I wanted a hobby that I could do in Yokohama.
- I **became** a fan of Baystars 2 years ago.

### Personal
- I **always** go to the gym **on my days off**.
- Most people said ther movie was terrible, but **personally** I thought it was pretty good.
- I like spending time with my coworkers and clients in **my professional life** but in **my personal life** I just relax with my family.
- I like **fresh air** in the morning.

### Custom
- I **always** eat steak **on my birthday.**

### Idiom
- be an early bird
- be a night owl

### Foods
- There are different flavors of Udon noodles **all over Japan**.
- I **don't really like** boiled carrot**s**. They don't smell good **to** me.

### Study
- I am **determined** to used to speaking English, so I **decided** to take English lessons.
- I wish I were better at speaking English.

### Job
- I **transferred offices** because I **changed jobs**.
- I recently changed companies, so I have a lot to learn about the new company's culture.
- My office is **in** Kawasaki.
- I work **in** Kawasaki city.
- I work **on** the fifth floor.
- From my house to Kamiooka station is 20 minutes **on foot**.
- I like working for my company but I'm still in my **honeymoon phase**.
- I don't **work overtime** so my **work life balance** is so good.
- My job was pretty difficult at first but now I've **gotten used to** it, so it is easier to do.
- I've been working at my current company for about 1 month and a half.
- How long have you been working here?

### Company
- My boss **line manager** is American.
- line manager = who you directly report to
- subordinate = junior coworker
- superior = senior coworker
- My **direct(section)** boss is Japanese and my **divigional** boss is American.
- The coworker **next to** me is Indian and he doesn't speak Japanese.

## I Think

### Negation
- It's not that/like ...
    - **It's not that** I like Joe. I just want to be on YouTube a lot.
    - **It's not that** I don't like you. I just don't have the time now.
    - **It's not like** Joe is a bad guy. He is just shady sometimes.
- to the point where ...
    - I studied English so much **to the point where** my dream started being in English.
- whereas
    - He likes learning from textbooks, **whereas** I like learning on the job because I think it's way more efficient.

### Impression
- It's Adj how ~
    - It's interesting how you said that.
    - It's amazing how you did that.
    - It's amazing how we can work on this project.
    - It's strange how time flies when we're having fun.
- The Baystars season was so **disappointing**.
- ★ I have a feeling|hunch
    - I have a feeling that it's gonna be a great event.
    - I have a feeling that there's more to it.

### Opinion
- never ... again
    - I **will never** climb Mt.Fuji **again**! I went last August and it was way too difficult for me.
- want to try
    - I **want to try** scuba diving. My frinend said it's a lot of fun.
- believe in ...
    - = think they are real
    - I don't believe in ghosts.
- the reason being
    - I made the decision not to join the program. **The reason being** I thought I wasn't ready yet and didn't have the competence enough to do it.
    - I decided to turn down the job offer. **The reason being that**, I didn’t want to relocate.
    - She moved back in with her parents. **The reason being that**, she wanted to take care of her parents.
- as to
    - I want to have a discussion **as to** which university is the best university.
- whether or not
    - **Whether or not** you like it doesn't matter because at the end of the day, he calls the shots.
- going back to
    - **Going back to** your question, my answer is no.
- this might be just me, but
    - **This might be just me, but** don't you think this is a bit too expensive?

### Desire
- I wish I were ...
    - Every one in my family is prerry short. I **wish** I **were** a little taller.
- I want to **stay fit**.
    - fit = good physical condition
- I don't want to lose muscle.
- Are you going to the concert at the stadium tonight? Yeah, **I'm really excited about** it!

## Expression

### Adverb
- to my shoulders.
    - I entered the Ghanges river **to my shoulders**.
- at the end of the day
    - **At the end of the day**, this is not that important.
- at times
    - **At times** I confuse "curve" to "carve".
- when it comes to
    - example
        - https://eikaiwa.dmm.com/blog/learning-english/english-usage/when-it-comes-to/
        - When it comes to the weather, there’s nothing I can do.
    - paraphrase
        - About the food ... it is bad.
        https://ja.hinative.com/questions/14226052
        - in regard to our official comments
        - with regard to the notes below
        - regarding the subject above
        - concerning the changes that were recently made
        - As for the cost per person
- speaking of ...
    - example
        - https://kimini.online/blog/archives/38823
        - Speaking of Summer, where did you go this year?
    - paraphrase
        - Talking of soccer, Did you watch the game yesterday?
- Toward the end of game,
- more or less
    - Don't be shy. Your pronunciation is **more or less** correct.
- as well
    - Would you like to come **as well**?
    - Would you like some toast **as well**?
- or so
    - It's 20 dollars **or so**.
- and stuff
    - We've got to do editing and stuff.
- something like that
    - I think he's learning Spanish or something like that, if that makes sence.
- pretty much
    - This is pretty much done.

### Appearance
- bald
- beard
- moustache

### Culture / Customs
- be a custom to ...
    - It's **a custom to** take off your shoes before entering a Japanese Home.
- be traditional to ...
    - In Japan, it's **traditional to** visit a shrine during the first few days of the new year.
- always ... on|for ...
    - In my family, we **always** eat turkey **on** Thanksgiving and have ham **for** Christmas.
- be supposed to ...
    - On Valentine's Day, in Japan girls **are supposed to** give chocolates to the guys.
    - Dolphins **are supposed to** be intelligent.
- be acceptable <--> unacceptable
    - Crossing your legs is **unacceptable** in business situations in Japan, but it's **acceptable** in other countries.
- no longer
    - Japanese ment **no longer** wear their hair in topknots.
- die out
    - The custom of tipping might die out because of digital payments.

### Foods
- easy on my stomach
    - Udon noodles are **easy on my stomach**.

### Life
- pu on
    - It is difficult to **put on** a Kimono.
- make ... Adj
    - I'll do anything to make you happy.
    - The story made me sad.
    - When I was on homestay, I found it difficult to make mayself understood in English.
    - (使役) The PE teacher made the students run in the snow.
- have ... Adj
    - Shall we have our new plasma TV on the wall?
    - I had my uniform cleaned for the graduation ceremony.
    - I had my iPod pinched from my school bag.
    - ★ My iPod was pinched との違いは？
    - I had my hair cut.
    - (使役) I'll have the nurse bandage your leg for you.
- let ... Adj
    - Don't  let me down.
    - (使役) My daughter's upset because I won't let her get a tattoo.
- get ... to 不定詞
    - (使役) I got one of my classmates to help my sister with her homework.
        - = I asked some of my classmates to give me a hand.
    - (使役) She often gets an Italian restaurant to deliver a pizza to her home.
- I took out my **mortage** this year.
    - mortage = loan for a house/property/condo
- treat yourself
- blur
    - Last weekend was a blur. = I don't remember well.
- browsing
    - Some people are browsing their phones.

### Weather
- sunny
- chilly
- cold
- fleezing
- humid
    - humidity = wet air
    - Seattle has low humidity in summer.
    - Tokyo is too humid.
    - It is humid in the summer but it is cold and dry in the winter.
- polluted
    - India is so **polluted**.

### Plan
- be supposed to ...
    - What time are we **supposed** to be there?
    - What time are we **going** to be there?
    - It's **supposed** to snow tonight.
    - I'm not **supposed** to be here.
    - I shouldn't be here.
    - You **were supposed** to do the dishes tonight.
- plan ahead
    - We should plan ahead for the year-end shopping season and hire some new workers now.
- give some thought to 
    - We need to give some thought to what we will do if the client ways no to our first offer.

### Others
- bathed in
    - I **bathed in** the Ghanges River.
    - The nuns traditionally **bathed in** the lake, and one day two nuns saw a hand with a gold ring extending from the water.
    - be bathed in a golden light
    - be bathed in blood
    - be bathed in sweat
- Meeting
    - I think it's difficult to talk about this over the phone. Let's **meet face-to-face** and talk about what we should do.
    - I have to **go to a meeting** with a new client **on** Monday afternoon **at** 3pm **in** Berlin.
    - We're **having a meeting** tomorrow morning to duscuss the new project.
    - Good morning, everyone. We should **get started**. First, I'd like to **go over** the most recent marketing data.
    - Today Ms.Gibbons will be **giving a presentation on** our latest products.
    - I'm going to **hand out** a few copies of our new brochure. Please **pass** them **around**.
- Their last championship was 16 years ago.
- The last time they were champions was 16 years ago.
- Last Saturday, I **came** here for the first time.
- There are many **people in poverty**.
- Strong face
- Soft face
- talks too much
    - The new guy in the office talks too much. I can't focus on my work.
- pick nose
- kind of thing
    - I was trying to create something like my original anime kind of thing.
    - This is a flip phone kind of thing but a bit different.
- make a decision|choice
    - I got job offers from two companies. Ihave to make a decision about which offer to accept.
- check with ...
    - I need to check with my boss before I can make a decision about when to take my summer vacation.
- take a vote
    - My team took a vote to decide where we should have lunch.
- refuse <--> decline
    - We asked the supplier to lower the price by 5%, but they refused.
- the right thing to do
    - We've decided to buy an electric car because it's the right thing to do for the environment.
- leaning toward
    - I haven't decided yet, but I'm leaning toward B.
- choose ... over ...
    - I would choose Interstate Construction over New Look Construction.
- start / finish work at ...
- business hours
- work late
- work overtime
- can make it
    - Can you make it to the meeting on Friday? Sorry, I can't make it because I'm going on a business trip.
- available, unavailable, in, out, off
- I work 8 hours not including lunch
- I work 8 hours without lunch
- I'm looking forward to your souvenirs.
- come across
    - I **came across** this information on the internet.
    - I **came across** an old friend on the street.

## Degree
- frequency
    - 100: always
    - 95:  nearly|almost always
    - 80:  usually
    - 65:  often
    - 55:  frequently
    - 50:  sometimes
    - 30:  occasionally
    - 10:  seldom | rarely
    - 5:   almost never | hardly ever
    - 0:   never
- great / good / bad
    - great
        - very
        - really
        - pretty
        - fairly
        - kind of
    - good
        - kind of bad
        - fairly bad
        - pretty bad
        - really bad
    - bad
- dislike
    - don't mind
    - don't really like
    - don't like
    - really don't like
    - can't stand
    - hate
- not at all

## Proverb / Saying
- Happy wife, happy life.
- hit it out of the park

## Noun
- equipment
    - I got rid of some equipment
    - I had to carry 100 pieces of equipment.
- fancy
- Insurance
    - The social welfare
    - The health insurance
- passengers
- pedestrians
- current events
- deer
- baked goods
