# Intro

Can you hear me?
Good.
Thank you for your answering our questions.

With your comments,
  our understandings have become more clearer.

Especially development cycle.
Like,
  there is a QA team,
  they do some test frequently,
  there are the other jigs for production line or testing or something like that,
  and it seems that implementing tests are as the challlenging task as earbuds development in itself.

So, let me ask you about these QA and contents delivery.

---

These additional ,,,

- `(That) makes sense.`:
- `Fair enough.`:
---

The very first question is, "Should we take over testing processes"?
To ensure the quality equal or greater than BAT or Perl,
  I have a feeling that we need to adopt tests which is the same as BAT and Perl.

`you know what i mean?`
- [question]    `What's your take on?`:

right?

Who is in charge of QA in BAT or Perl?
  Nura or Grandsun or what?

Who is in charge of QA in Perl 2?
  Nura members or Grandsun?
  or Japan team?

- If Nura
  - In that case, we should make a Perl2 project in current Github space?
  - And should we leave designing and executing tests triggered by Github workflow to Nura team?
  - I'd like to talk to you later in text.
- If Grandsun
  - In that case, I'd like to contact with Grandsun later about this.
- If Japan
  - In that case, we should, I think, take over testing scripts and testing jigs and their design in detail.
- up in the air
  - In that case, I think we need to decide it earlier. because,,,

Can we leave these QA things to the Japan QA team, I mean Kamouchi-san?

`ok then we should`

`Getting back to the topic`,

---

The second question is, Where is the “dev server configured for update“?
It's not that I want to know a geographical location of server.
It's more like who manages the server.
Who manages this server? Nura or Grandsun or what?

Is this server things like storing DFU images and used for OTA update?

OK.

we should think about whether use the current server or a new server managed by Japan team.

~~In that case, I assume that you communicated with "Denon app" team to make some APIs arrangement.~~
If we needed setup a new server managed by Japan team, I would need to talk with them again.

Above all, some manual testings are executed in this server as well, right?

Even if we use current server managed by (Nura|Grandsun), Japan team need to be able to access the server, like previous QA things.

---

And finally,
these things affects where the source code hosts, GitHub or GitLab.
I'd like to consult with you on it later in Teams chat or e-mail.

---

this question is a little bit trivial but just in case.
Just in case, let me confirm this.
