

## Technical Feasibility Study

Regarding Technical Feasibility Study, almost all things have no major update.
but if I had to say, there are 2 minor updates.

The very 1st one is about ear-fit-check.

As you know, this Ear-fit-check means that the one feature included in top of the Personalization measurement process.
This study's goal is clarify
  whether it can be divided solely from the huge process or not
  and
  whether an ear-tip-size-recommendation can be returnable from the function or not.

To be honest, it turns out that this feature is conditionally feasible.
The reason I said "conditionally" is that PerL's ear-fit-check function is Nura's proprietary implementation.
so what we have to do was that asking Nura team about that feature and I've discussed it with them.
On the premise of using Nura's solutions, this feature is feasible.
In conclusion, this feature is one of the AAT things. It is no use disuussing it more deeply.

The 2nd one is about LC3 plus.
Turns out that it will require royalty fee, like point zero seven euro per a bud.
but we are now going over LC3 plus documents because it seems that there is conditions to make that royalty free.

## PCBA

The most important thing, I think, that we are capable of reading tons of documents and source code and customizing them.
except for Nura things and Grandsun things.

I mean, The less blackbox area the

## Study Recap

Of course we are working on Technical Feasibility Study.

Let's do a quick Recap on them.

