# 今週の便利フレーズ

- `Sorry, may I have a moment?` (すいません、ちょっといいですか)
- `I have the same understanding regarding that.` (それに関しては私もそう思います)

# Script

## Transparency mode

As for Quick Transparency Mode, one of the two doing tasks.
There is one risk I'd like to share.

There are two activate triggers using voice, user's voice and conversation voice, right?

I had inquired with the Airoha representative about whether these could be implemented on Airoha's chipset,
and I finally received a response. He say that none of them are currently implemented in Airoha's SDK.

However, he mentioned that it is currently under active development for AB1592
and the release timing is still **TBD**.

The important point is that they are developing it for **AB1592**, not **AB1577**.
Depending on the situation, if voice triggers are also required for the **non-Pro PerL2**, we may have no choice but to use **AB1592**.

In any case, **Voice Trigger** is currently a **yellow flag** (potential risk).

---

so we need to follow up and confirm whether it will be released within our development timeline.

At the same time, we plan to inquire with various **ODM vendors**, such as **Fujikon** and **Eastech**,
to see if they can implement voice triggers through their own proprietary methods.

---

I'm not confident that I conveyed it well in English, so just to be sure, I'll send what I just said in text.

- Quick Transparency mode
  - Risk
    - Voice triggers (both user's voice and conversation voice) are less likely supportable.
      - Because Airoha team say that these functions are not implemented in Airoha's SDK.
      - However, they are developing these functions now
        - only for AB1592 (not AB1577)
        - release timing is TBD
  - Next Actions
    - software team to follow up and confirm whether it will be released within our development timeline
    - software team to inquire with various ODM vendors, such as Fujikon and Eastech, to see if they can implement voice triggers through their own proprietary methods.

### 返事

According to the **Product Spec** page, **Quick Transparency** was supposed to be supported on both **Pro** and **Non-Pro** models,
if I remember correctly.

I believe **Qualcomm** is able to detect the **user's own voice**, at least.

Please let me know if there is anything else that needs to be investigated.

## Question list

I’m planning to send the **question list** to the **ODM vendor** tomorrow afternoon.
I have included some technically detailed questions, and we plan to have a meeting after reviewing their responses.
